Add colorName to Color (#1355)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/happy-hats-argue.md

---
"@salt-ds/lab": minor
---

- Add `colorName` to `Color` which represents name of Salt color palette when match, e.g. Orange700

> - Fix color with alpha value of 0 not correctly recognized by `isTransparent`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix colors with an alpha value of 0 not being correctly recognized by `isTransparent`
```
